TOEIC LISTENING TRANSCRIPT
Practice Test 3 — Full Audio Script (Part 1, Part 2 & Part 3)
PART 1: PHOTOGRAPHS (Questions 1 – 6)
center635Number 1
(A) She’s cleaning an oven.
(B) She’s moving a pot.
(C) She’s opening a cabinet.
(D) She’s holding a towel.
center635Number 2
(A) They’re putting trash in a bag.
(B) They’re taking off their jackets.
(C) They’re facing a shelving unit.
(D) They’re painting a room.
center635Number 3
(A) One of the men is removing his hat.
(B) A line of customers extends out a door.
(C) Some workers are installing a sign.
(D) Musicians have gathered in a circle.
center635Number 4
(A) Some tools have been left on a chair.
(B) Some tool sets have been laid out.
(C) A cup of coffee has spilled.
(D) A table leg is being repaired.
center635Number 5
(A) A railing is being removed.
(B) A roof is under construction.
(C) Some workers are carrying a ladder.
(D) Some workers are holding sheets of metal.
center635Number 6
(A) A ladder has been leaned against a tree.
(B) There are piles of tree branches discarded in a field.
(C) Wooden benches have been arranged in a circle.
(D) A wooden structure has been built near some trees.
PART 2: QUESTION-RESPONSE (Questions 7 – 31)
Number 7: Why is there no flour on the shelf?
(A) Because it’s out of stock.
(B) Those roses smell nice.
(C) No, the other cake.
Number 8: When will the catering company arrive?
(A) At 4 o’clock.
(B) That’s a delicious flavor.
(C) Many vegetarian options.
Number 9: When’s the meeting scheduled to start?
(A) At a networking event.
(B) I started this job six years ago.
(C) Right after lunch.
Number 10: How much will the repairs cost?
(A) I have two pairs of shoes.
(B) Around $200.
(C) The restaurant downtown.
Number 11: You went to the dentist this morning, didn’t you?
(A) Oh, I’ve already had breakfast.
(B) Yes, for an annual checkup.
(C) Let’s take the bus.
Number 12: Where should we put the new printer?
(A) In the corner by the stairs.
(B) The third page of the document.
(C) A reusable ink cartridge.
Number 13: What type of plant do you have in your office?
(A) Whenever I sit at my desk.
(B) Thanks, I just bought it.
(C) One that doesn’t require much water.
Number 14: There was a sale at the furniture store.
(A) No, it wasn’t in storage.
(B) Did you buy anything?
(C) Some old receipts.
Number 15: Can you show me how to submit a tech help ticket?
(A) Let me send you the link.
(B) A broken power cable.
(C) No, over 10 minutes.
Number 16: Where is the power button on this device?
(A) I’ve never used that model before.
(B) 10 euros per hour.
(C) We charge more for color photographs.
Number 17: Do you want to take a walk now, or would later be better?
(A) A nearby lake.
(B) I’m free to walk now.
(C) No, I don’t use a fitness tracker.
Number 18: I ordered some new equipment for the factory.
(A) The news program on channel 10.
(B) Great, I can’t wait to use it.
(C) The car dealership.
Number 19: There’s a nice place to rent on Mercer Street.
(A) I just renewed my current lease.
(B) It was a great show.
(C) A standard rental application.
Number 20: Is the heating system working?
(A) Yes, that’s my website.
(B) A 5-kilometer run.
(C) I just called maintenance.
Number 21: Isn’t the roadwork in front of City Hall finished yet?
(A) I just finished my conference presentation.
(B) A lot of traffic in the evening.
(C) No, they still have another month to go.
Number 22: Who will lead the new employee training today?
(A) We’re using a recorded video.
(B) Yes, right after lunch.
(C) Classroom 124.
Number 23: Is the safety inspection scheduled for this month or next month?
(A) I thought I saved the file.
(B) The factory supervisor.
(C) It’s this Wednesday.
Number 24: When is the harvest festival taking place?
(A) It’s a week from tomorrow.
(B) Sure, I can take it.
(C) The park next to the art museum.
Number 25: Was your new laptop expensive?
(A) Do you have a new password?
(B) I had a discount coupon.
(C) On top of the cabinet.
Number 26: Why don’t we go on our camping trip next weekend?
(A) Yes, that table lamp is quite nice.
(B) Should we go left or right?
(C) I have a performance scheduled with my band.
Number 27: The workshop for this afternoon was postponed, wasn’t it?
(A) At the post office.
(B) I haven’t checked my email.
(C) A ticket for 2 o’clock, please.
Number 28: How were our production figures last month?
(A) They produce electric cars.
(B) 9 o’clock in the morning.
(C) We were closed down for a week.
Number 29: When can I see the speech therapist?
(A) A one-hour session.
(B) Just a microphone.
(C) How about tomorrow afternoon?
Number 30: Aren’t you picking up the clients from the airport?
(A) A product demonstration.
(B) No, I believe Tomiko is doing that.
(C) He prefers an aisle seat.
Number 31: How was your morning client meeting?
(A) It’s great to meet you.
(B) No, over in conference room 2.
(C) The contract is now officially signed.
PART 3: SHORT CONVERSATIONS (Questions 32 – 70)
Questions 32–34
Man: The company’s making a big change this year by moving offices. It’s exciting that the new space will be much bigger.
Woman: Yes. Do you know what the company’s planning to do with our meeting tables and chairs?
Man: Well, the new location already has furniture, so we don’t need them.
Woman: Why don’t we donate them? The Jebbrian Foundation is a local organization that picks up old furniture for donation.
Man: That’s a good idea. Let’s talk to our directors to see what they think.
Question 32: What change is a company making?
Question 33: What suggestion does the woman make?
Question 34: What will the speakers most likely do next?
Questions 35–37
Man: Welcome. I’m excited to show you both around the Southeast Medical Trade Show.
Woman 1: Thanks for allowing us to cover the event for our newspaper. We really wanted to interview you as the organizer.
Woman 2: Yes. How many people are you expecting to attend this trade show?
Man: I’m pleased to report that registration has increased this year. We have over 2,000 participants.
Woman 2: That’s impressive.
Man: It’s our best turnout yet.
Woman 1: Actually, before we go into the main room, can we get a photo of you in front of the poster for the show—the one on that wall?
Man: Certainly.
Question 35: Who most likely are the women?
Question 36: What does the man say he is pleased about?
Question 37: What will the women do next?
Questions 38–40
Woman: Murat, I need your help. Can you spare 30 minutes?
Man: I have some time after lunch. How can I help?
Woman: As you know, I’ve been redesigning Ace Bancorp’s website to add new online banking functions.
Man: This is the client that wanted streamlined menus on their home page too, right?
Woman: Yes. I wonder whether you could test out the redeveloped site for me.
Man: I can do that. Why don’t you send me a list of the specific updates you made? I’ll make sure I check those.
Question 38: What most likely is the woman’s job?
Question 39: What will the man most likely do?
Question 40: What will the woman most likely send to the man?
Questions 41–43
Man: Excuse me, I’m trying to catch a train from this platform, but I’ve been waiting, and no train has arrived.
Woman: Oh, yes. Unfortunately, some tracks are being repaired, so no trains are departing from this platform.
Man: I see. I had no idea this was happening, and I’m upset that now I’m late for an appointment.
Woman: Well, they’re providing free bus service to the next few stations. You can catch a shuttle bus from the south side of the station.
Question 41: Why is a train platform closed?
Question 42: What does the man say he is upset about?
Question 43: What will the man most likely do next?
Questions 44–46
Man: Thanks for taking my call, Ms. Hazarika.
Woman: I understand from your email that you’re looking for investors in your business.
Man: Yes. Storing bikes in small apartments is tough. That’s why I’ve developed this space-saving bicycle rack.
Woman: I’ve seen other indoor bike racks. What’s unique about yours?
Man: Most indoor racks are one size, but not all bikes are the same. My product can be adjusted to suit different types of bicycles.
Woman: That’s interesting. Send me your business model. I need to determine if you have a reasonable plan for expanding production and increasing sales before I make any decisions.
Question 44: Why does the man call the woman?
Question 45: According to the man, what is unique about a product?
Question 46: Why does the woman request some documents?
Questions 47–49
Woman: Alberto, it’s time to leave the studio and head over to the Central Bank for our interview with the director.
Man: Yes, I have all the cameras we’ll need today.
Woman: Great. And make sure you have the special low-light lenses. I’m concerned about the poor lighting at the bank. It’s pretty dark in there, and that can ruin our key interview shots.
Man: Oh, yes, I have those. And by the way, our new intern Marcel Lambert is interested in joining us.
Woman: That’s a good idea. It’ll be a good experience for him.
Question 47: What are the speakers preparing for?
Question 48: What is the woman concerned about?
Question 49: Who is Marcel Lambert?
Questions 50–52
Woman: Waseem, I know you’ve been very busy this morning, but did you have time to take care of the photocopies I asked for?
Man: Oh, yes. Those are all ready.
Woman: Excellent, thanks. By the way, how are the preparations coming along for Sabine Hoffmann’s retirement party?
Man: Great. I’ve booked a room and invited everyone on our team to the event. I’ll call the caterer next.
Woman: You know, I’m sure she would love to celebrate with her former colleagues from other teams as well, if it’s not too much trouble to invite them.
Man: Sure. I’ve booked conference room B, but I’ll go ahead and change that.
Question 50: What does the woman thank the man for?
Question 51: Why is a gathering being planned?
Question 52: What does the man imply when he says, "I’ve booked conference room B"?
Questions 53–55
Man: Hi, I’m Kota Ogawa from Langston Limited. I have an appointment with Ms. Ishikawa to view your hotel facilities for my company’s upcoming retreat.
Woman 1: I know that she’s been expecting you, and she just wrapped up an urgent phone call. She’s on her way now.
Woman 2 (Ms. Ishikawa): Hi, you must be Mr. Ogawa. I’m Hikaru Ishikawa. Why don’t we see our largest conference room first?
Man: Great. And I’d also like to look at the guest rooms. All the rooms have a high-speed Internet connection, right?
Woman 2 (Ms. Ishikawa): Yes. And we have a fully equipped recreation area as well.
Question 53: What type of event is the man planning?
Question 54: Why was Ms. Ishikawa delayed?
Question 55: What does the man inquire about?
Questions 56–58
Woman: Look at these results! Sales of pineapples have gone up a lot this month at our store.
Man: It must be the pineapple peeling machine we installed in the fruit aisle. Customers like watching it peel and slice their pineapple for them.
Woman: It is a unique experience. I think we should install one in our other two store branches.
Man: I’m not sure about that. I think the novelty will wear off in a few weeks. Let’s wait to see if sales numbers stay high before we invest in any more.
Question 56: Where does the conversation most likely take place?
Question 57: What does the man say is popular?
Question 58: What does the man suggest doing?
Questions 59–61
Man: Ingrid, we’ve had three patients this week who had to cancel their dental appointments at the last minute.
Woman: Yes, that’s a problem. Other patients might have taken those available appointments if we’d been able to contact them in time.
Man: You know, I have an idea. I recently scheduled a doctor’s visit online, and there was an option to receive a text message notification if an earlier slot became available. You just have to check a box. What do you think about something like that?
Woman: That would be helpful. I have some time this afternoon. I’ll look into software packages that include that feature.
Question 59: What are the speakers discussing?
Question 60: Why does the man say, "You just have to check a box"?
Question 61: What does the woman offer to do this afternoon?
Questions 62–64
Man: Hi Raquel, have you had a chance to look for something I could buy the employees for the New Year? I want to be sure I thank everyone for their hard work.
Woman: Well, a good quality travel mug would be appreciated.
Man: Interesting. Which one would you recommend?
Woman: Take a look at this brochure. This company has a variety of designs: sea animals, sky scenes... I like the medium mug with the Desert Roaming design.
Man: That is nice. I’ll sign off on that order request once you fill out the paperwork.
Question 62: Who will the man give some gifts to?
Question 63: Look at the graphic. How much is the mug that the woman likes?
Question 64: What does the man say he will do?
Questions 65–67
Man: Here’s the map that you requested for next week’s shoot, for the driving scene.
Woman: Great. Let’s see. The actors will be driving north on Maple Street. Hmm...
Man: Is something wrong?
Woman: We may need to alter the route so it’ll be less difficult for our camera operators to follow the action.
Man: Okay. What are you thinking?
Woman: Instead of turning left on Elm Lane, let’s have them turn right and park in front of the hair salon.
Man: Okay. I’ll arrange for that road to be closed while we’re working, and alert the business owners.
Question 65: What industry do the speakers most likely work in?
Question 66: Why does the woman want to make a change?
Question 67: Look at the graphic. Which road should be closed?
Questions 68–70
Woman: Hi Pablo, I wanted to talk to you about the video game we designed—the one we’re launching soon.
Man: Sure, did something come up?
Woman: Well, I think the Jungle level looks great, but in the Underwater level, there’s a problem with the part where the characters discover the lost city in the ocean. As I was going over the layout, I found a glitch in the gameplay.
Man: Oh, okay. We still have time to fix it.
Woman: Yes. But we should work on it as soon as possible. I could put some extra time in over the weekend. How about you?
Man: Probably. Just let me check my calendar.
Question 68: What are the speakers preparing for?
Question 69: Look at the graphic. Which level is the woman concerned about?
Question 70: What does the woman suggest doing?