TOEIC LISTENING TRANSCRIPT
Practice Test 4 — Full Audio Script (Part 1, Part 2 & Part 3)
PART 1: PHOTOGRAPHS (Questions 1 – 6)
center635Number 1
(A) He’s cleaning the floor.
(B) He’s setting a plant on a shelf.
(C) He’s pouring some liquid into a cup.
(D) He’s ironing a shirt.
center635Number 2
(A) They’re glancing at a monitor.
(B) They’re putting pens in a jar.
(C) They’re wiping off a desk.
(D) They’re examining a document.
center635Number 3
(A) Some people are taking a ride on a boat.
(B) A boat is floating under a bridge.
(C) A boat is being loaded with cargo.
(D) Some people are rowing a boat past a lighthouse.
Number 4
(A) There’s a fire burning in a fireplace.
(B) There’s a guitar beside a fireplace.
(C) Some cables have been left on the ground in a pile.
(D) A television is being packed into a box.
Number 5
(A) Some people are riding bicycles through a field.
(B) Some people are moving a picnic table.
(C) There are some mountains in the distance.
(D) A bicycle has fallen over on the ground.
Number 6
(A) Some couches have been pushed against a wall.
(B) Some lights have been hung from the ceiling.
(C) Some cushions have been stacked on the floor.
(D) Some flowers have been arranged in a vase.
PART 2: QUESTION-RESPONSE (Questions 7 – 31)
Number 7: Does the shop open on Sundays?
(A) Yes, at 1 o’clock.
(B) Because we drove.
(C) I’d like to return this item, please.
Number 8: Where did these oranges come from?
(A) Here’s a basket you can use.
(B) From a supplier in California.
(C) That umbrella is a nice color.
Number 9: Should I make the dinner reservation for Friday or Saturday?
(A) The beachside bistro.
(B) Saturday is better.
(C) A large plate of pasta.
Number 10: Will Dr. Ivanova be late today?
(A) No, you shouldn’t have to wait long.
(B) It’s just under the desk.
(C) Sure, I can do that for you.
Number 11: Aren’t there locker rooms at this gym?
(A) These socks are quite comfortable.
(B) She teaches an exercise class.
(C) Yes, they’re on the lower floor.
Number 12: Who needs a copy of my safety training certificate?
(A) Maxime does.
(B) You can hang your vest on that hook.
(C) No, I’m certain about that.
Number 13: Could you phone Mr. Faras and let him know we’re in the hotel lobby?
(A) Thank you, it was just renovated.
(B) A free continental breakfast.
(C) Yes, of course.
Number 14: Where does she sell her handmade jewelry?
(A) They’ll give you a discount.
(B) A pair of earrings.
(C) At a store in the city center.
Number 15: You’re taking a business class in the afternoon, aren’t you?
(A) Actually, it’s in the morning.
(B) That office is on the corner.
(C) I have the train schedule here.
Number 16: Could I see some sample floral arrangements before I order?
(A) It’s for an award ceremony.
(B) A charge for expedited delivery.
(C) Certainly, I have some right here.
Number 17: Don’t you want to buy the black sofa?
(A) Some customer reviews.
(B) We already have one.
(C) I take my coffee with sugar.
Number 18: Do you have this jacket in a larger size?
(A) Oh, I’m not a sales associate.
(B) I’ve read the information packet.
(C) A very large uniform.
Number 19: Where did you first learn about the job opening?
(A) Are there any outdoor tables available?
(B) The door to the building is still open.
(C) I read an online newspaper every morning.
Number 20: Should I bring anything to the meeting?
(A) Probably in the conference room.
(B) They were hired by our manager.
(C) Do we have enough handouts?
Number 21: What was the total charge for the hotel stay?
(A) I’d have to look at the receipt.
(B) The fitness center is across from the reception desk.
(C) I’ll be eating breakfast in my room.
Number 22: Why did you pursue a career in video game design?
(A) Because I have a talent for it.
(B) This is my new laptop.
(C) It’s on the other shelf.
Number 23: I’d like to attend the job fair next month.
(A) The speech was inspiring.
(B) Tunji updated the memo.
(C) Registration closed yesterday.
Number 24: Hasn’t anyone called you back for the second interview yet?
(A) A new phone number.
(B) Yes, any available position.
(C) I’m still waiting.
Number 25: How many tickets do we need for tonight’s concert?
(A) The theater is on Johnson Avenue.
(B) At 7:30 sharp.
(C) I’ll buy mine at the door.
Number 26: When are they going to decide who to hire?
(A) A much higher salary.
(B) A lot of good resumes have come in.
(C) In the building across the street.
Number 27: I had a chance to look over the contract this morning.
(A) Their contact information.
(B) Early next week.
(C) What did you think of it?
Number 28: How are the database updates coming along?
(A) I’ve been really busy with the Williams account.
(B) Some customer addresses.
(C) She arrives on Wednesday.
Number 29: When can I bring these boxes into the warehouse?
(A) 10 in a package.
(B) Thanks, I just bought it.
(C) We’ll need to clear some space.
Number 30: The market on 5th Street is closed for a week.
(A) Some new clothes.
(B) Is there another one nearby?
(C) The price has been marked down.
Number 31: Does the company pay for professional development courses?
(A) Insuk helped develop a new product.
(B) We do have a significant budget surplus.
(C) He’s always so professional.
PART 3: SHORT CONVERSATIONS (Questions 32 – 70)
Questions 32–34
Woman: Excuse me, but wasn’t the ferry to Osaka supposed to leave at 10:00?
Man: Yes, but the port authority has suspended all marine traffic due to rough water.
Woman: I see. Does that mean ferries are canceled all day?
Man: This storm is expected to pass in about 3 hours, but operations should return to normal after that. Your ticket will be good until midnight.
Woman: Okay, then I guess I’ll grab some lunch nearby.
Man: I highly recommend Mary’s Cafe for sandwiches and soup.
Question 32: Where most likely are the speakers?
Question 33: What problem does the man mention?
Question 34: What will the woman do next?
Questions 35–37
Woman: Good morning. Are you looking for any particular library book, magazine, or newspaper?
Man: Actually, no. I’m here because I got an email this morning telling me that I have an overdue book, but I returned it to the after-hours bin last night.
Woman: Sometimes a book gets returned and put back on the shelves without being entered into the system first. I can take a look. Can you tell me the title?
Question 35: Who most likely is the woman?
Question 36: What does the man say happened this morning?
Question 37: What does the woman offer to do?
Questions 38–40
Man: Hi, I’m Malik. I talked to you this morning on the phone about a price quote for some painting you want done.
Woman: Oh, hi, come in. Yes, I want to change the color in the dining room to something lighter.
Man: Not a problem. But I do want to stress that the quote may be higher than you expected, because going from a darker color to a lighter one requires more than one coat of paint.
Woman: I understand. And will you move the table and chairs out of the room before you start?
Man: That shouldn’t be necessary. We can cover them with a drop cloth.
Question 38: What type of business does the man most likely work for?
Question 39: What point does the man emphasize?
Question 40: What does the woman ask about?
Questions 41–43
Woman: Hi. This is my first time in here. Nice place! Looks like you’ve got lots of state-of-the-art equipment.
Man: Yes, we just opened this week. All the exercise bikes, treadmills, and workout stations that you see are brand new.
Woman: Great! I’m considering joining. My office is right around the corner.
Man: Well, here’s a brochure with a description of our membership levels. I’m happy to answer any questions.
Woman: Thanks. I do like to swim a few times a week. Do you have a pool?
Man: We do. Why don’t we start by walking around so I can show you all of our facilities?
Question 41: Where does the man work?
Question 42: What is the purpose of the woman’s visit?
Question 43: What will the woman most likely do next?
Questions 44–46
Man: Hello. What brings you into our leasing office today?
Woman: Hi. I currently live in unit 217, but I’m wondering if there are any larger units available to rent in the building.
Man: Let me see... Apartment 410 is quite large, and the lease on it ends this November. It’s $1,000 per month. Does that interest you?
Woman: I did just get promoted at work recently, so I can afford to spend more, so that won’t be a problem.
Man: Great. I’ll call the current tenant and we can figure out a time for a viewing.
Question 44: Who most likely is the man?
Question 45: What does the woman say recently happened?
Question 46: What will the man do next?
Questions 47–49
Man: Hello, Ms. Bajaj. I’m glad we have a chance to meet today to discuss your business. What’s your company’s main goal?
Woman: Well, recently my craft supply store has started receiving a lot of online orders. It’s important that I get feedback from those customers about the products that I’m selling.
Man: We can design an online survey for you. It’s automatically emailed out to your customers a week after their order is delivered. We’ve had a lot of success getting people to respond to those.
Woman: That’s a great idea! Then perhaps I could offer a future discount to any customer who completes the survey.
Question 47: According to the woman, what has recently happened at her business?
Question 48: What can the man’s company do?
Question 49: What does the woman say she could offer her customers?
Questions 50–52
Man 1: Hello, I’m from District Flower Store, and I have your centerpiece order.
Man 2: Let me get the hotel’s event manager here. She’s the one that ordered. Yulia, you have a delivery from District Flower Store at reception.
Woman (Yulia): Hi, I’m glad you’re early. The wedding’s this evening, but we’re already setting up the ballroom.
Man 1: I’ll need you to acknowledge receipt. Could you sign here? And then, where should I unload your calla lily centerpieces?
Woman (Yulia): Calla lilies? I ordered lilacs for the wedding centerpieces!
Man 1: Oh, I wouldn’t know. I just deliver.
Woman (Yulia): Well, let me call your boss. We need this sorted out right away.
Question 50: Where most likely are the speakers?
Question 51: What type of event is going to take place?
Question 52: What does the woman say she will do?
Questions 53–55
Man 1: Excuse me, Ms. Campbell. My engineer, Adisa, is still on your roof, but I just wanted to let you know we’re almost done with the inspection.
Woman: How does everything look?
Man 1: Oh, here’s Adisa now. He can answer that.
Man 2 (Adisa): I conducted a thorough inspection. There’s no structural damage. All of the support beams are intact, but we’ll have to replace some of the shingles that were blown away in the storm.
Woman: Well, that’s a relief. I was worried that I’d need major repairs.
Man 2 (Adisa): I’m afraid you’ll have to close your store while we replace the shingles, but we’ll be able to finish in one day.
Man 1: Does Tuesday work for you?
Woman: That’s fine.
Question 53: What kind of business do the men most likely work for?
Question 54: Why is the woman relieved?
Question 55: What will the woman do on Tuesday?
Questions 56–58
Man: Hi, Irina. I’m sorry about missing the morning meeting. My commute was horrendous.
Woman: No worries. The meeting notes will be sent out. What happened?
Man: The metro system’s renovating some station platforms, and it added an extra half hour to my commute. Trains in both directions are only using one track, and the train’s my only option.
Woman: Well, there is a rapid transit bus service.
Man: I wasn’t aware of that. I’m still new to this city. How do I get more information?
Woman: I’ll send you links to their website and system map.
Question 56: Why does the man apologize?
Question 57: Why does the woman say, "Well, there is a rapid transit bus service"?
Question 58: What will the woman do next?
Questions 59–61
Man: Hello, Sylvia. Good to see you again. My consultancy firm has been working hard to help you grow your clothing company.
Woman: Thanks. I never expected so much attention for my clothing designs, but I’m so pleased with the reactions.
Man: Okay. What do you think about approaching Regent’s Department Stores?
Woman: They usually market to a younger clientele.
Man: I see. Let me get you a list of other stores we also had in mind.
Question 59: Who is the woman?
Question 60: Why does the woman say, "They usually market to a younger clientele"?
Question 61: What does the man say he will give the woman?
Questions 62–64
Woman: Luis, I noticed something while I was directing yesterday’s rehearsal. I had a problem while I was trying to give some directions to the actors during Act 3. I wanted to ask you about it since you’re in charge of lighting.
Man: Sure, what is it?
Woman: One of the footlights at the front of the stage was flickering, which was distracting. It made it hard to see the actors’ faces and costumes. Can you do something to fix it?
Man: Actually, I’ve already ordered a replacement. It should be here tomorrow.
Woman: Great, thanks. I can’t believe opening night is next week. Everyone has put so much work into the show. It’ll be great to have an audience.
Question 62: Look at the graphic. Who is the woman?
Question 63: What problem do the speakers discuss?
Question 64: What will happen next week?
Questions 65–67
Man: Hey, Hiroko. I got the email invite to the company retreat. I’m surprised that it’s in June this year instead of September.
Woman: Yeah, we changed the date so we could try out this venue. I toured it last month and was really impressed. The rooms especially are so comfortable. There weren’t any openings in September, though.
Man: I’m sure it will be worth the change. Your team in Human Resources plans great events.
Woman: Here, I just pulled up their website. Take a look. Staff can choose one of these activities on the second day of the retreat.
Man: I’ve never been kayaking! This looks like a good chance to try it.
Question 65: Why is the man surprised?
Question 66: What does the woman like about a venue?
Question 67: Look at the graphic. Who will lead the activity the man is interested in?
Questions 68–70
Man: Hi, you must be with the camera crew. I’m Hector, head archaeologist here at the Arno Castle dig site.
Woman: Nice to meet you. I’m Ling. Since it’s our first day of filming for our TV documentary special, we’re mainly going to capture general footage of your team at work.
Man: Great. We’re working in Quadrant 2 today. We’ve been finding lots of pottery, so you may capture us unearthing more.
Woman: I see. This excavation has been a lengthy process, right?
Man: It has. We’d actually hoped to be further along, but there’ve been lots of thunderstorms lately, which have slowed things down.
Question 68: What is the conversation mostly about?
Question 69: Look at the graphic. Which part of the castle is being excavated today?
Question 70: According to the man, why has some work been delayed?